"When you meditate, for example, what we meditate now, we meditate looking direct to our own mind,
looking to our own mind.
And to usher in or to do this, we can put even questions as going questions. As I said, where is my
mind?"
Simple that point question will take us to the Dharmakaya status.
Then when we reach that, when we got that, we have to relax. That openness status, we should relax,
we should meditate.
When we meditate on that status, then thought will come. And that's what I also in Dzogchen
teaching pointed out.
It's called poem emptiness is home. Or poem is emptiness, emptiness is home. That's.
But don't try to fall. Don't analyze that. Again, back to that, what way is my mind?
That's going to lead us. Stay in that person. That is fresh, that is present, and that is then in D
zogchen teaching also said pre-prompt three times.
Past time, future time, present time is a fresh status. It's not time of the conceptual level. It
is therefore more time status.
And during that relaxing time, as I said, also occasionally bring up more joy, more devotions, more
appreciations.
How lucky I am, how fortunate I am, how blessed I am, how beautiful I am. Bring up those old
beautiful qualities.
We are practicing dharma. We are practicing our goodness. We are not practicing sad and suffering,
these and that things.
We are practicing good. Let that goodness, energy, despair, transcendence, all our mundane,
difficult troubles that I gave.
We are going to walk in a reverent trail of our, this beautiful trail.
What the great Master Maumu said, this original nature, dharma kaya vayri of revere, sambhu kaya v
ayri revere, namakaya vayri revere.
How wonderful, how lucky, how fortunate, how beautiful, how grateful, how graceful.
Such teachings are existing. Buddha came, teaching existed.
Madhupeyama sambhu came. Gomkimva came. Marambhurya came.
All those teachings, beautiful teachings, preserving, we are truly connected.
We are the holder of this lineage, lineage of love, lineage of completion.
Bring up those kind of, I'm not taking all those things, but bring up those joy and appreciation.
And again, same time, looking back to the mind. Where those are coming, that port is coming.
Again, this all went, went back to the center of that precious dharma kaya and relaxed and med
itated.
And that's relaxing, that state is known as meditating, that.
So those are the, teaching said, so this is again one of our great opportunity.
We all have been talking about support to each other, inspiring to each other, according to our
capabilities and practice.
That is just a meaningful and so special. And also this facility and the beautiful environment,
everything.
And this also great country which has not any troubles of externally what happened in the world
that we see.
And also wonderful, how beautiful, everything. So really it's just, it means to be like this.
We should be joined up and then dedicated that merit and the goodness for all our beings and all
those who are connected to us.
And then make this offering to the great lineage masters of teachings and then again continue to
move forward.
So this is all wonderful and thank you, okay.